Emails from Adobe Sign have limited customization options.  You can [brand your account](https://helpx.adobe.com/sign/using/upload-logo-to-account.html). You can [add a custom header and/or footer](https://helpx.adobe.com/sign/using/upload-logo-to-account.html). You can give agreements a name.  Beyond this you need to use a "Custom Email Template".

You can assign a “custom email template”(CEMT) to a group inside your account and then you have taken that email out of the Adobe Sign standard process.  This means that all users in that group will have that CEMT applied to ALL e-signature workflows for that particular email in the flow for ALL sends while they are part of that group.   This also removes the “localization” we apply as part of our process so you would need to provide your own translation of verbiage for any additional languages you need and these will be applied to that email in the flow for each language you need to send in.
 
Customized email templates are currently handled through an engagement with our professional services team as there are no tools for end users through the front end.  Typically customers design those emails as HTML files. We then take that HTML and apply the variables into it and save that template for that group in the “back-end” so that for example all emails in English for that group’s “signed and filed” emails look as designed with the dynamic parts from our standard process inserted where appropriate.
 
While this is not overly flexible from the standpoint that you can’t apply it on a “per-send” basis, it does allow for very exact look and feel requirements for various scenarios that might need it.
